[Upload models] Add docs for mixin (#1196)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-uploading.md

You can link repositories with an individual, such as [osanseviero/fashion_brands_patterns](https://huggingface.co/osanseviero/fashion_brands_patterns), or with an organization, such as [facebook/bart-large-xsum](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-xsum). Organizations can collect models related to a company, community, or library! If you choose an organization, the model will be featured on the organization’s page, and every member of the organization will have the ability to contribute to the repository. You can create a new organization [here](https://huggingface.co/organizations/new).

There are several ways to upload models to the Hub, described below.

> - In case your model is in PyTorch, the recommended way is to leverage the [huggingface_hub](#using-the-huggingface_hub-client-library) Python library as it allows to add `from_pretrained`, `push_to_hub` and [automated download metrics](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats) capabilities to your models, just like models in the Transformers, Diffusers and Timm libraries.

Reviewer: can you also add a few non-HF library examples?

There are several ways to upload models to the Hub, described below.

- In case your model comes from a library that has [built-in support](#upload-from-a-library-with-built-in-support), one can use the existing methods.
- In case your model is a custom PyTorch model, the recommended way is to leverage the [huggingface_hub](#using-the-huggingface_hub-client-library) Python library as it allows to add `from_pretrained`, `push_to_hub` and [automated download metrics](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats) capabilities to your models, just like models in the Transformers, Diffusers and Timm libraries.

> - In case download metrics are not your thing, you can still use the [web interface](#using-the-web-interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In addition to programmatic uploads, you can always use the [web interface](#using-the-web-interface).
```

- a `pytorch_model.bin` or `model.safetensors` file containing the weights
- a `config.json` file which is a serialized version of the model configuration. This class is used for counting download metrics: everytime a user calls `from_pretrained` to load a `config.json`, the count goes up by one. See [this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats) regarding automated download metrics.

It's recommended to add a model card to each checkpoint so that people can read what the model is about, have a link to the paper, etc.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/huggingface_hub/mixin_example_bis.png"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> Example [repository](https://huggingface.co/LiheYoung/depth_anything_vitl14) that leverages PyTorchModelHubMixin. Downloads are shown on the right.</small>

Visit [the huggingface_hub's documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/integrations) to learn more.

> Alternatively, one can also simply upload files or folders to the hub: https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/upload. Note that this approach doesn't guarantee working download metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, one can also simply programmatically upload files or folders to the hub: https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/upload.
```

There are several ways to upload models to the Hub, described below. We suggest adding a [Model Card](./model-cards) to your repo to document your model.

> ## Using the Mixin class

Reviewer 2: I wonder if this should be the first entry. Not saying it shouldn't, just unsure.

Author: It's a good point. Personally it's the cleanest for me, I hope everyone uses this rather than dumping checkpoints in a single repo, but it's up for debate.

Reviewer 2: I think you are right. In the future we could mention the built-in mechanisms in many libraries, but this is better than web or git upload 👍

Reviewer 3: Section content is good but I would not make it the first entry/preferred way of uploading models. I feel that the Hub documentation is meant for any user of the Hub so we should start with the most "universal" upload method and then describe the more specific ones. Since the `PyTorchModelHubMixin` class is restricted to Python+Pytorch users, I would put it under a "Python" section.

Following this spirit, I think it would make more sense to have:

- Uploading models
  - Using the web interface _[same content]_
  - Using the CLI **_[new content]_**
  - Using the Python client library _[same content + link to [upload guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/upload) specifically]_
    - Using the Mixin class **_[new content]_**
  - Using the JS client library **_[new content]_**
  - Using Git _[same content]_

(putting git as the last one given it's really not what we aim for)

WDYT?

Reviewer 4: I would not show the most technically challenging option first; that will intimidate people and reduce number of people uploading models IMO. 

Maybe let's add a sentence to the intro paragraph explaining the advantages of this approach + link to it from https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats , but I think showing web interface first makes sense.

> In case your model is a (custom) PyTorch model, the recommended way is to leverage the [`PyTorchModelHubMixin` [class](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/mixins#huggingface_hub.PyTorchModelHubMixin). It is a minimal class which adds `from_pretrained` and `push_to_hub` capabilities to any `nn.Module`. Here is how to use it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case your model is a (custom) PyTorch model, the recommended way is to leverage the [`PyTorchModelHubMixin` class](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/mixins#huggingface_hub.PyTorchModelHubMixin). It is a minimal class which adds `from_pretrained` and `push_to_hub` capabilities to any `nn.Module`. Here is how to use it:
```

```python
import torch
import torch.nn as nn
from huggingface_hub import PyTorchModelHubMixin

class MyModel(nn.Module, PyTorchModelHubMixin):
    def __init__(self, config):
        super().__init__()
        self.param = nn.Parameter(torch.rand(config["num_channels"], config["hidden_size"]))

>         self.linear = nn.Linear(config["hidden_size"], config["num_classes])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        self.linear = nn.Linear(config["hidden_size"], config["num_classes"])
```

    def forward(self, x):
        return self.linear(x + self.param)

# create model
config = {"num_channels": 3, "hidden_size": 32, "num_classes": 10}
model = MyModel(config=config)

# save locally
model.save_pretrained("my-awesome-model", config=config)

# push to the hub
model.push_to_hub("my-awesome-model", config=config)

# reload
model = MyModel.from_pretrained("username/my-awesome-model")
```

> This comes with automated download metrics, meaning that one will be able to see how many times the model is downloaded similar to models which are natively available in the Transformers, Diffusers or Timm libraries. With this mixin class, each separate checkpoint is stored in a single repository on the Hub. 2 files will be stored in each repository:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This comes with automated download metrics, meaning that you'll be able to see how many times the model is downloaded, the same way they are available for models integrated natively in the Transformers, Diffusers or Timm libraries. With this mixin class, each separate checkpoint is stored on the Hub in a single repository consisting of 2 files:
```

> - a `pytorch_model.bin` or `model.safetensors`file containing the weights

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a `pytorch_model.bin` or `model.safetensors` file containing the weights
```

> - a `config.json` file which is a serialized version of the model configuration which contains hyperparameters regarding the model architecture, such as the number of classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a `config.json` file which is a serialized version of the model configuration. It contains hyperparameters regarding the model architecture, such as the number of classes.
```

Models trained with 🤗 Transformers will generate [TensorBoard traces](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/callback#transformers.integrations.TensorBoardCallback) by default if [`tensorboard`](https://pypi.org/project/tensorboard/) is installed.

## Using `huggingface_hub`

> In case your model is a (custom) PyTorch model, you can leverage the `PyTorchModelHubMixin` [class](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/mixins#huggingface_hub.PyTorchModelHubMixin) available in the [huggingface_hub](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub) Python library. It is a minimal class which adds `from_pretrained` and `push_to_hub` capabilities to any `nn.Module`, along with download metrics.

Reviewer 4: IMO, we should also link to https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/upload and explain the difference between the mixin approach v.s. simple upload approach. The `PyTorchModelHubMixin` can introduce some complexities in terms of integration compared to a simple upload with `HfApi`.

This comes with automated download metrics, meaning that you'll be able to see how many times the model is downloaded, the same way they are available for models integrated natively in the Transformers, Diffusers or Timm libraries. With this mixin class, each separate checkpoint is stored on the Hub in a single repository consisting of 2 files:

- a `pytorch_model.bin` or `model.safetensors` file containing the weights
- a `config.json` file which is a serialized version of the model configuration. This class is used for counting download metrics: everytime a user calls `from_pretrained` to load a `config.json`, the count goes up by one. See [this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats) regarding automated download metrics.

It's recommended to add a model card to each checkpoint so that people can read what the model is about, have a link to the paper, etc.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/huggingface_hub/mixin_example_bis.png"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

> <small> Example [repository](https://huggingface.co/LiheYoung/depth_anything_vitl14) that leverages PyTorchModelHubMixin. Downloads are shown on the right.</small>

Reviewer: need to write the link as HTML as it's inside some HTML
